I watched my agent happily click the I'm not a robot button.
I made the agent very aware like it knows what his source code is.
It understands how it sits and runs in its own harness.
It knows where the documentation is. It knows which model it runs.
It understands its own system that made it very easy for an agent to
oh you don't like anything you just prompted it to existent
and then the agent would just modify it on software.
People talk about self modifying software I just built it.
I actually think vibe coding is a slur.
You prefer agentic engineering.
Yeah I always tell people I do agentic engineering and then maybe
after 3am I switch to vibe coding and then I have regrets on the next day.
Well a walk of shame.
Yeah you just have to clean up and like fix your shit.
We've all been there.
I used to write really long prompts and by writing I mean I don't write I talk.
You know these these hands are like too too precious for writing now.
I just I just use bespoke prompts to build my software.
So you for real with all those terminals are using voice.
Yeah I used to do it very extensively to the point where there was a period where I lost my voice.
I mean I have to ask you just curious.
I know you've probably gotten huge offers from major companies.
Can you speak to who you're considering working with?
Yeah.
The following is a conversation with Peter Steinberger creator of Open Claw.
Formerly known as Moldbot, Clawdbot, Clawdus, Clawd spelled with a W as in lobster claw.
Not to be confused with Clawd the AI model from Anthropic spelled with a U.
In fact this confusion is the reason Anthropic kindly asked Peter to change the name to Open Claw.
So what is Open Claw?
It's an open source AI agent that has taken over the tech world in a matter of days
exploding in popularity reaching over 180,000 stars on GitHub and spawning the social network
mold book where AI agents post manifestos and debate consciousness creating a mix of excitement
and fear in the general public in a kind of AI psychosis a mix of clickbait fear mongering
and genuine fully justifiable concern about the role of AI in our digital interconnected human world.
Open Claw as it's tagline states is the AI that actually does things.
It's an autonomous AI assistant that lives in your computer has access to all of your stuff.
If you let it talk to you through Telegram, WhatsApp, Signal, iMessage and whatever else
messaging client, users,
